hi I'm crystal from wild spirit wolf
sanctuary and today is an exciting day
it is Tuesday March fifth and we are
going to let Rudy out of his ten by ten
enclosure Layton really wanted to be
here today or what unfortunately he can
so I'm going to take video for all of
you to see and I'm going to be sharing
this experience with Angie and Meredith
before Rudy arrived here he was living
at an eight by eight wooden shed and he
had a ten by ten little yard since being
here he's also been in 10 by 10 but
there are two reasons why he's bent in
my 10 here at wild speaker 1 he's broken
jaw too because he was diagnosed
positive for heart work and we had a
treat him with a min aside with this
treatment is required for us to contain
the animal in a small enclosure and keep
him quiet today happens to be day 31 and
we are going to go up there and let Rudy
out of his 10 by 10 and into a new 5,000
square foot enclosure it didn't take
them long to cook it out that 10 by 10
enclosure
he pokes his head out and what do you
know one foot into his new enclosure he
realized oh I'm addled that 10 x 1000 I
can keep running I'm gonna pee on this
I'm gonna pee on that I'm gonna pee on
this again he mark again
and yet again and then he decided well
this is all mine so after we realized
okay he's comfortable in this
environment now we can go ahead and let
him just like support by himself Rudy's
a very happy boy in his new 5,000 square
foot enclosure now he needs is a
girlfriend